README.md, before:

# Google ADT-1 ("molly") Device Configuration 

## Spec Sheet
| Feature                 | Specification                                                                               |
| :---------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Chipset                 | Quad Core 1.9GHz NVIDIA® Tegra 4 (Cortex-A15)<br/>NVIDIA® GPU                               |
| Memory                  | 2GB LPDDR3<br/>16GB Storage                                                                 |
| Network Interfaces      | 10/100 Ethernet<br/>802.11 a/b/g/ 2×2 MIMO WiFi<br/>Bluetooth  v4.0                         |
| Ports                   | USB 2.0<br/>HDMI Out<br/>RJ-45 (Wired Internet)<br/>USB Mini-AB (Power Input/USB debugging) |
| Shipped Android Version | 4.4.4 KitKat (Test TV Version), later received multiple OTA updates through the L Previews, and finally, to 5.0.2 Lollipop (LRX22G)                                                             |
| Gamepad                 | Bluetooth 3.0 (4.0 compatible)               			                        |
| Release Date            | June 25, 2014                                                                               |

## Device Picture
![Gooogle ADT-1](http://www.cnx-software.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/ADT-1_ANdroid_TV_Reference_Design.jpg "Gooogle ADT-1")

## Copyright

```
#
# Copyright (C) 2015 The CyanogenMod Project
#
# Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
# You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.
#
```

Commit message:

molly: update README for tablet branch

README.md, after:

# Google ADT-1 ("molly") Device Configuration 

This branch intends to restore full tablet-like functionallity to the ADT-1 (molly).

## Spec Sheet
| Feature                 | Specification                                                                               |
| :---------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Chipset                 | Quad Core 1.9GHz NVIDIA® Tegra 4 (Cortex-A15)<br/>NVIDIA® GPU                               |
| Memory                  | 2GB LPDDR3<br/>16GB Storage                                                                 |
| Network Interfaces      | 10/100 Ethernet<br/>802.11 a/b/g/ 2×2 MIMO WiFi<br/>Bluetooth  v4.0                         |
| Ports                   | USB 2.0<br/>HDMI Out<br/>RJ-45 (Wired Internet)<br/>USB Mini-AB (Power Input/USB debugging) |
| Shipped Android Version | 4.4.4 KitKat (Test TV Version), later received multiple OTA updates through the L Previews, and finally, to 5.0.2 Lollipop (LRX22G)                                                             |
| Gamepad                 | Bluetooth 3.0 (4.0 compatible)               			                        |
| Release Date            | June 25, 2014                                                                               |

## Device Picture
![Gooogle ADT-1](http://www.cnx-software.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/ADT-1_Android_TV_Reference_Design.jpg "Gooogle ADT-1")

## Copyright

```
#
# Trademark (TM) 2016 The PureNexus Project
#
# Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
# You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.
#
```
